The Chicago Tribune has made a call to the community to refresh their site using new web technologies. Even though you all know spec work is a total sham, you've decided to give it a go anyway.

The Trib is asking for two pages to be designed and developed - the home page and a single article page.

* REQUIREMENTS - Common *

Both pages must have a shared header, main navigation, and footer.

The current logo must be retained.

The navigation and footer should be simplified and given a new UI treatment.

* REQUIREMENTS - Home Page *

The lead story should be the primary focus. The lead story should have a photo and 3-5 sentences of copy.

Of the 20+ sub-categories currently shown (Business, Health, Sports, Nation, Opinion, etc), choose the 3 most important and show only those. Each should have a photo and 3 related headlines.

Current weather conditions must be displayed.

The breaking news section must be displayed.

* REQUIREMENTS - Single Article Page *

Article title & primary photo must be displayed prominently.

An aside containing supplementary content must be displayed.

An additional aside containing other top stories must be displayed.

A comment form must be visible, containing fields for comment, name, and email address.

* REQUIREMENTS - Technical *

Site must be responsive and have layouts for 320px (iPhone), 768px (iPad), and 960px+. Layouts can be liquid or rigid.

At least 3 different CSS transition effects must be used.

At least 1 2D or 3D transform must be used.

Comment form must use local storage to remember name, and email address.

At least 1 use of CSS columns (at 960px+ resolution).

HTML5 forms should be used for the comment form (input types, validations, pseudo-classes).

Must work in latest Chrome (17) & Firefox (10).

Use of other technologies (Geolocation, Sass, CSS Animations) is optional.

* RESOURCES *

Store article photos in one of your teammates public folders.

Small layout graphics may be kept in GitHub, but be careful not to exceed the storage quota. If in doubt, keep those in a public folder as well.

* FINISH LINE *

Finished projects must be in the GitHub repositories.

The finished sites will be presented to a mystery judge at 5:45pm on 3/6. You will have class time that day to tie up loose ends.